# [ERA](https://www.era.aero/en)

ERA (a member of OMNIPOL group) is a leading company in multilateration, multistatic surveillance, and reconnaissance technology. Unrivalled experience in passive surveillance sensor development provides ERA with unique know-how to deliver comprehensive solutions for global markets. It develops, manufacture and implement mission-critical systems for military and civil purposes.
ERA made air traffic control history when deploying the first multilateration system and introducing gate-to-gate surveillance.
ERA has brought to the world a novel passive medium range surveillance sensor category called Passive ESM Tracker (PET)  for defence and electronic warfare purposes - which is today in its 5th generation known as VERA-NG - tailored for air, maritime and land target surveillance and reconnaissance. Company heritage and global scene experience in passive EMS/ELINT helped ERA to bring another category of Over the Horizon Direction Finding (OTH DF) long-range sensor, in its 2nd generation called PLESS.
Mentioned sensors let grow a broad ecosystem consisting of sensors’ performance prediction and evaluation tools and data mining tools together with a full virtual EW scene simulator to help military intelligence.
Over last 3 decades, ERA has reached number of more than 160 installations, deployed in over 68 countries on 5 continents with 24/7 operations fulfilling demanding customer requirements. Nevertheless, more important than given number of references is the experience ERA achieved and lessons learnt during implementation of our solutions. The company intends to continue introducing new technologies to adapt to tomorrow´s challenges.